It's really interesting that, for the STEM field, there are fewer females
than men. I was just talking to my friend the other day and we were
just saying, "At least when I was in school, girls actually did
better than guys in math and science. I mean, they're the ones who are
always submitting their homework, you know, always got the best grades,
maybe guys, kind of, just, like, sit back and don't really, like,
pay much attention. So, you think that girls would be in abundance
in STEM but it turns out to be the opposite. After you get into
college, it switches. Girls are mostly humanities and guys are mostly,
you know, technically oriented and I think it has to do with just
the mindset of girls, I guess. Maybe because so many guys are in the
technical roles, then maybe girls get to college and think, "Well,
you know, those technical jobs are for guys. So, let me go ahead and,
you know, do something humanities oriented, because it's like that
already." So, I think if we just, like, reset, if we, like, kick everyone
out of college and then all of a sudden, you know, we have a
fresh batch of people in and, you know, we don't tell people who's
running NASA, who's running Microsoft, you know, it's all a secret.
Then, I think maybe it would be about half-half, you know, there'd be
half as many girls at MIT as guys but because, you know, maybe they
step foot on MIT and say, "Okay, well, you know, like what jobs do
you have? Oh well, I'm looking at electrical engineering. Oh, 70% guys.
Alright, well maybe that's a guy thing, a guy profession" and it
shouldn't be that way because, obviously girls are just as smart,
if not more smart than guys coming out of high school.